There's no arguing that Nassim Haramein
is an original thinker.
Still, he shocked himself
and some of the world of classical physics
when he recently won a coveted award
at an international physics conference in Belgium.
The reason?
His work is way outside the box.
In fact he dares to say
that the clues for both his work
and the future technologies on earth
were left behind by the ancients,
i.e., E.T.'s, star-people, gods,
as they were known.
Nassim says these clues show us
that unlimited energy is everywhere
and we must only learn to tap into it.
(light bell music)
Last time we spoke,
the first part of the conversation
was a wonderful journey through the process
of creation in consciousness
and where we're headed
to eliminate duality.
Now, one of the areas on the planet,
in a very concrete way,
where we seem to be
creating a lot of duality is,
"us against them" and a lot of it
has to do with resources and technologies.
Right.
A lot of what you're doing right now
is really working toward application
of technologies.
And I don't know where
we should start with on this.
Should we start in Egypt?
Or, should we start now and go back?
Or, back then and come forward?
Yeah, we could start all the way back in Lemuria,
you know?
Let's start there.
Let's start in the ancient times of
the technology as we've begun to understand,
reveal, uncover and move forward
into what's required...
I don't even know the right question from here.
Let's just begin.
Well, it's interesting that
much of the research I had done
in the earlier time was actually
on ancient civilization because
as I was elaborating in my head
by observing nature and by studying physics,
new concepts of physics, I kept on finding
that they seem to link to ancient
texts and monuments and concepts
of geometry and so on,
that you find in ancient times.
You know, it seemed like there was
a great mystery there and that
there was a great message to be discovered.
And, I was not the only one who felt that way in physics.
Actually, one of our most famous physicists,
Isaac Newton,
spent most of his early time,
some 20 years,
studying ancient texts,
ancient, mostly qabbalistic texts.
He learned ancient hebrew
so he could decode them himself,
built replicas of the Temple of Solomon and so on.
Unknowingly, I took a very similar path.
Newton was clear, by the way.
He wrote all, or most of his physics
based on the knowledge he learned
from studying ancient texts.
Not from apples falling on his head.
Mhmm.
Similarly, when I was younger,
I was studying a lot
of ancient texts because
I felt like there was a deep meaning there
that hadn't been quite understood.
Looking at these ancient knowledge
sets with the eye of physics.
It started to come alive.
It started to give a whole different picture
then what had been interpreted
by the archeology community at large.
There's lots of evidence.
Lots of evidence that there is...
there was a very advanced civilization,
prior to our written history,
that was on our planet,
seemed to be prior to
a large cataclysm
that moved a lot of things
and changed a lot of things
on our planet.
There's remnants
of that knowledge
in many different cultures.
Most of them call this knowledge set
and the people that brought it to them
the Sun gods.
It's found in the Mayan,
the Incan tradition, the Chinese,
the Japanese, the Egyptian tradition,
even in ancient, um...
Sumerian?
Sumerian tradition.
The vast new tradition
and all this...
all these very ancient texts,
some of them very, very old,
talk about these sun gods,
that came,
that bestowed knowledge onto
the human beings at the time.
Taught them how to build enormous
beautiful monuments and taught them
how to write, read,
how to behave with each other.
To stop killing each other.
They seem to be very pacifist,
they seem to be vegetarian
and so on.
And so,
after reading all this stuff
and studying all this stuff,
from all sorts of different cultures
around the world.
It becomes compelling,
that this is not some imagination
in a group of people isolated somewhere.
That it's global and
that it's relating
a real experience,
a direct experience with an advanced civilization.
That might have found our planet
a very long time ago.
If you were,
an advanced civilization in our universe
that's able to move across the galaxy,
or even from one galaxy to the other,
or even from one universe to the other,
and you've found a planet that was
very low in their evolution....
It's not like you could just
go down there and start to
teach them advanced physics and
teach them advanced mechanics
and technology and all this.
You'd have to, you know...
We're trying to sharpen knives...
(laughing)
Yeah, you have to shrowd all this
into stories...
Right.
and concepts, very large concepts,
and stories and so on.
But, when you actually
see it that way and you
look at the stories and
all the folklore in all these traditions
from that time,
from very ancient time.
It's remarkable,
the coordination, first of all,
of the information across the planet.
But as well, the message that's given.
Part of that message has to do
with very powerful technology,
according to what I've found,
that was given to human beings
in that earlier evolution.
It has great potential to transform our civilization
into a civilization of abundance,
a civilization that has...
a peaceful civilization.
A civilization that has the capacity
to explore very large spans of our universe,
and so on.
I think that,
in that folklore is very, very important
advanced physics and technological information,
and that some of the monuments that we find
that defy our capacity to build them today.
Like the pyramids and very
enormous blocks of granite that were moved,
in some cases, hundreds of miles.
And the accuracy of the geometry...
It can really not even be replicated today.
That's right,
with all the engineering that we have today
and all the technology that we have today,
wed would not be able to reproduce.
I think those are large evidence
that we have a lot to learn
from these ancient civilizations.
But, we have to look at them
not only in philisophical terms
but in actual physics
and mathematical understanding
and that from there,
and that's what I did,
a whole new engineering
technology can emerge.
And that technology is a technology that
directly interacts with the vacuum,
directly interacts with the source of creation.
And what is that?
I mean, if you want to explain
some of the essential building blocks.
I think that if you
read between the lines in these
ancient texts and all this, it is crystal-based.
I mean, most of our advanced electronics today
are crystal-based.
So, it's actually,
not so far-fetched.
And then, it seems to have
a very...
it seems to have plasma involved,
it's very radiant,
it has a capacity to create gravitational fields,
to control gravitational fields.
Most importantly it seems to
come in direct resonance with the human spirit,
the human mind.
Any initiate that walked into the room
with these objects
that are found in all these different cultures,
in Hebrew culture, it was called
the Ark of the Covenant of God.
In the Quran,
it's called the Qabar.
The Dark Crystal.
In the Sumerian texts,
it's called a Dark Sun
or the Black Sun.
I believe it produces a tiny singularity,
a small mini-blackhole.
It becomes interactive with
your consciousness, when you're close to it.
So, there's a training that's necessary
and there's a level of preparation necessary
so when you look at these ancient civilizations
they talk about the initiates going through
all sorts of levels of initiation
before being able to go into the Holy of Holy,
where the object is kept
and all the things that occur there.
I think we're about to rediscover this knowledge.
I think we're about to rediscover this technology but,
this time we are going to discover it.
It's not going to be given to us.
Would you say in a sense
it's already been given?
All the clues have been left behind.
That's right!
Everything we need is there.
And it really is just about us awakening to it
and I think that these Sun gods
not only left us all the information necessary
but, on top of it, left us calendars
telling us
you guys have to have this
figured by this time.
Because otherwise, it might not be so good,
you guys need this information,
need this technology,
because changes are going to occur on your planet
in this region of time.
This is interesting,
because I looked at that
and then I look at, say,
in the DVD on the
resonance project that you have,
you start taking people through
the various elements of
space and time and the bending
of space and time
and the implications that
you take everyone forward
and everybody should watch this,
it's fascinating, by the way.
Thank you.
You move through into
some of the more ancient validation
of these concepts, which would be
what you were just talking about there.
As I'm looking at it,
it seems again we're dealing with
an issue of density.
If you look at
a lot of what's being told
about this period of time,
that the Earth and the field,
and perhaps our entire solar system
are going through a density change.
If you want to call it that.
Some say a sub-dimensional or dimensional shift,
which is density.
Yes.
So,
these people were masters of being
able to move density
and actually change density.
Uh huh.
It would appear.
From everything that we're seeing.
Well, definitely creating
a mini-singularity is
mastering our capacity to
produce very highly dense
dynamics, of field interaction
in a very small amount of space.
In that sense, definitely.
I think that
all of our universe is driven
by a change in density,
there's always...
the vacuum structure is never
completely empty.
There's always fluctuation
but there is a large difference between
the fluctuations at the universal level
and the fluctuation inside the atom.
There's a huge gradient change in density.
So, it's like,
pulling the plug on your tub.
The structure of space is constantly spiraling, as it were.
Angular momentum you call it.
That's right!
Angular momentum is generated.
And that's what drives all of creation
and so, to understand that,
and to apply that to the way
we do technology and to the way
we think of our self, and so on.
We start to harmonize
our technology and our consciousness
to these fundamental movements of creation,
these fundamental dynamics of creation
and that's, I think, what's missing
in our technological world.
Our technology is actually
based much more on fighting
the forces of nature.
Fighting them?
Yeah.
Yes.
In our mastery of them.
Yeah, and it's a very male
approach to things.
For instance,
in order to overcome gravity,
we built large, phallic symbols,
we put it full of fuel in there.
Highly explosive material,
we put a little capsule on top of it
and we find volunteers to sit in it.
And then, we light up the bottom
and start praying that
the whole thing is not gonna explode
and we shoot these people up
and then at the top, "poof",
a small ejaculation and
this little capsule gets pulled
orbiting a few miles up.
All this energy,
all this power
necessary to defy,
the gravitational field...
Instead of actually understanding
what produces gravity,
how it gets there,
why is space-time curving and so on,
and then working with it.
Entering the flow of the dynamics
of the gravitational fields and
actually learning to play with them
so that we can produce our own
gravitational field and then
if we can produce
our own gravitational fields,
we can go anywhere we want
with very little energy.
So, let's go to,
of all those cultures we talked about,
let's go back to Egypt because
this is an area that you did
focus on and you came up with
a theory that I immediately was getting chills
as soon as I heard this one.
I thought, "Yes".
I've interviewed other people,
John Anthony West, Robert Shrock, and William Henry
and others,
who are all bringing pieces of this,
dating and so forth.
John Anthony West saying the pyramids
may be more like 36,000...
from 36,000 B.C.
That's very old,
almost 40,000 years ago.
Not 4,000, 40,000.
That's right.
So, we're having to be
confronted with the fact that
there appeared to be intelligent,
far more intelligent cultures long ago.
And they've left these, as you say,
they've detailed what they've left behind in a way.
As we're getting ready
to move into the need.
Right, it's not appropriate
to carbon date
the fire of this little guy
that did a fire there 5,000 years ago
beside the building
and assume that it's the same guy
that built the building.
...built the building, exactly.
So, we know that's blowing apart at the seams.
We know that the technology that built
the pyramids is virtually impossible
to explain in any human terms
of understanding what was available
a few thousand years ago.
Yeah, much of the data
that you look at
when you study the pyramids
just does not add up.
Doesn't add up.
No, absolutely not.
You came up with a piece, though,
that was so fascinating to me.
The Lore of the Ark of the Covenant of God.
Yes.
Mkay.
You put that in a very specific
location in terms of it's actual usefulness.
And this is an area that has been
much debated.
What is a sarcophagus,
in the center of the chamber,
in the great pyramid?
Or in any pyramid.
Yes, or in any pyramid.
What is that all about?
Can you take that story forward
in it's implications of understanding
this in this way.
Well, you know,
there has been an assumption that's been made
in the archaeology community,
that the pyramids were tombs,
tombs for pharaohs,
or, you know,
kings of all sorts around the world, like,
in the Mayan and Incan and so on.
But, the facts are
no mummy,
has been found inside a pyramid.
Many of the pyramids were sealed.
You know, 20 ton plugs,
granite boulders and
perfectly camouflaged in the surface of the pyramids,
so that you couldn't find any entrance.
In some of the pyramids,
they actually had to dynamite themselves in.
And luckily, they found tunnels or
ramps and so on
and found the entrance eventually, but,
then they would find these sarcophagus
in the middle
and many of them were still
with their cover on.
20 ton, you know, boulders in some cases,
like, 20 ton slabs of
perfectly polished granite.
And in some cases,
they were sealed still, and so on,
and they would remove these enormous
covers.
And typically, the sarcophagus would be empty.
Now, when you look at
popular books on ancient Egypt, and so on,
they typically associate the mummy's
with the sarcophagus
and with the pyramids.
And they give you the impression that,
that's where the mummies were found.
But, actually, when these sarcophagus were opened,
they were all empty.
Mummies were found in underground
tombs, that had nothing to do with the pyramids.
Pharaoh mummies were never found
in pyramids.
The assumption that these things were built
to bury pharaohs is a very large assumption.
Never mind the fact that,
you would think,
that after placing two-million,
three-hundred thousand stones,
in this incredible monument,
the most precise monument ever built on Earth,
the largest, the most massive monument,
that the pharaoh would have put their plaque somewhere.
(laughing)
Saying, "This is where I lie", you know?
It's not like they were shy about writing,
tombs where we did find the pharaohs.
There's plenty written.
There's plenty written,
it covered all the walls.
Yes.
Never mind that there's
no walls anywhere,
in all of these thousands and thousands
of documents, you know, documents,
hieroglyphic documents,
that say's, "We built the pyramids,
and this is the way we did it."
You would think
that if these people accomplished
such a task, that they would at...
You know, they told us everthing
else about their culture.
Right.
What they ate, how they ate,
you know, everything else,
I mean, all the details of their culture
they left in all these scripts.
But, nowhere does it say that we built the pyramid
and that's how we did it.
In fact, there's much more...
evidence that they are talking about the Sun gods
coming and doing this.
Yes.
That exists.
They do not claim
to have done this.
So.
So, the Ark...?
So, then, when I studied the
Ark of the Covenant, I..
I started to realize when I studied the Hebrew texts
and the way that Moses
left Egypt and so on,
I started to realize that there was something "fishy",
descriptions that come much later in the Bible texts,
about the ark,
where it describes the subject.
First of all, the Ark of the Covenant of God
is the center
of the Hebrew faith.
It's not some relic that was kind of
a nice thing to have in the temple.
It was the center of all of their...
devotion.
And they actually built the largest temple
ever built on Earth to put it in the middle,
in the Holy of Holy.
It wasn't just some nice...
box that they had.
It seems to have all sorts of powers
that defy gravity,
that did all of these things.
You know, I started to realize,
wait a minute, these guys are not talking
about some god, with a beard, you know,
sitting on a throne somewhere,
observing creation and hitting you on
the head if you did something wrong.
But actually, talked about this very physical object
that had all sorts of power.
And when I looked at the description of that object,
it was said that
there was a vortex above it
that they called the Pillar of Light.
Angular momentum, spirals.
Yes, that spiral.
That vortex.
That tornado above it,
and so on.
It's said that God talked through
that point, that, that was the seat of God.
And then when you look at the word "God".
It's a translation of the word Tetragrammaton,
and all this, and then you can get into
the Qabbalistic tradition and all this.
And then I looked at the movement
of the tribe of Israel, from Egypt.
It says very clearly
that as they move away from Egypt
that they are following a Pillar of Light at night,
or a Pillar of Cloud during the day.
Very, very similar to the description
that is given later about the Ark of the Covenant.
So, they are following this object
and then they part
the Red Sea with it.
Yes.
Now, if you read only that section
then it's not clear that they are using the Ark
to do this because, supposedly,
they only built the Ark after parting the Red Sea
at the foot of Mt. Sinai.
What I believe happened
and it's clear in the traditions of
this region of the world, that,
the word of God can neither be talked about, and so on,
so that they would never actually give you
the information about the thing that they were following,
what it looked like, how it worked.
But, later on they built a box
made out of gold
to isolate it, and to transport it
for 40 years through the desert.
This also has an
interesting implication historically.
When you look at the character
that was, that is known as "Moses",
and their origins as a very highly initiated
member of Egyptian royalty.
That's right.
So he had access to this very advanced knowledge,
this very advanced, what I believe technology
and I think that's why the pharaoh went after him.
Because when the pharaoh told him
he could leave with the tribe of Israel,
I don't think he meant,
"You can leave with our power source."
And I think that's what happened,
is that Moses, being a high initiate,
had access and he took this with him.
When the pharaoh discovered this
and went after him,
it was too late,
he had already opened the Red Sea and crossed.
And if you need to have confidence
that the Red Sea was opened using
the power of the Ark,
then look at Joshua,
crossing the Jordan, you know,
this is much later,
at the end of the journey of the Israelite's.
When they arrive at the Jordan river
and it's running at flood level.
There is a very, very specific description
of using the Ark to stop the course of water,
open the water so that
the tribes can cross and then
close them again.
It says, even literally,
and this is the way we opened the Red Sea.
Yes.
This is amazing.
So this really,
obviously, gives people a lot contend with
on the belief's system level.
Mhmm.
But, it also gives
us a lot of wonderful stuff to start
thinking about on a technological level.
That's right.
Right now, our technology
is really key to starting to heal us
even on a belief system's level.
If we keep going in this direction
I think we can all see where we're headed
if we go in this primitive direction path
that we're on right now.
So let's take forward then, into now.
Right.
I think that this all,
you know, all these stories, from all around the world.
The Kaba, the Black Sun and all this.
They're all...
pushing us, leading us
to the possibility of transforming our civilization,
from a civilization...
that you know, believed that there's
a limited amount of goods,
that there's scarcity,
that there's a limited amount of space
that we've gotta fight for.
To a society that realizes that
there is an infinite amount of energy.
It's everywhere, it's in the vacuum everywhere.
That we just gotta learn to dance with it.
And that as soon as we do that
we'll have, you know,
not only an infinite amount of energy,
but, an infinite amount of good available to us
because we'll be able to control gravitational fields
and we'll be able to explore our solar system
and beyond, so,
there's no limitation.
That the limitations are...
is only a result of our capacity to imagine
a future of abundance.
I think we're on the verge
of making that breakthrough.
You travel in some
lesser known circles, than,
the masses would be aware of.
Yes.
As do we,
and we're aware of a lot of technologies
that are starting to emerge.
Yes.
The reality is,
in your opinion...
how close are we?
You know these technologies exist already.
Right.
I think it's evident.
The technological issue
is not much of an issue anymore
It is much more our capacity to
have the appropriate structures to allow it to emerge
and to allow it to transform our society,
our financial structure,
our political structure and all this
has to adjust to it.
But, I think it's evident,
and I'm so excited about it.
I think we're just entering a...
A world of abundance,
a world of...
transformation.
And that we're really...
gonna, literally, as the ancient texts told us,
we are going to ascend at this time.
Not only philosophically but, actually,
literally, become Star Child,
Star beings, you know,
Galactic entities.
On that note,
you've certainly done your part and more.
And you continue to do so,
and I thank you so much for your time.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for having me.
To learn more about Nassim's
Resonance Project go to
theresonanceproject.org
I highly reccomend his six-hour
DVD series where he walks you through the science,
I loved it.
Until next time,
Thanks for watching CMN.
(light bell music)